hey guys so I've got two big updates for
[Music]
you the first is around the podcast and
the second is around my business so
first up the podcast and the YouTube
channel after 352 or so episodes four
years we're renaming we're rebranding
from business Grow Show Breaking B2B why
well often on the podcast we talk about
niching down to who exactly you serve
problems you fix how you can help we
talk about taking a stance with your
marketing and positioning yourself well
in the marketplace so we're going from
the generic name business growth show to
Breaking B2B we want to help Founders
marketers even sellers Revenue leaders
whoever wants to tune in to break free
of B2B marketing we're going to
keep the same format so interviews with
marketing practitioners in the B2B space
so they can share practical tips without
the BS about what's working in the area
of expertise and likewise we're going to
keep the solo episodes for myself on
dedicated topics around websites inbound
marketing SEO demand gen basically no
fluff practical insights educating
entertaining with what's working today
so you can check that out at breaking
bb.com that's the first update around
the podcast and YouTube and then
secondly rebranding my own business so
I'm now completely alone as a Founder
almost starting from scratch with
breaking
bb.com what do we do what problems do we
fix well typically businesses are going
to come to us for probably two or three
reasons uh maybe they're tired of seeing
companies ahead of them on Google
organic search results every time a
prospect searches for what they do or
how they help or problems they fix
meaning that those competitors that are
ranking above them in organic search
results in Google are stealing their
traffic or opportunity to the website or
perhaps you're a company investing in
ads or SEO already but it feels like the
website is failing to build trust and
convert a steady flow of qualified leads
or demos or maybe you're just struggling
to fuel your content engine so you want
some pillar content be it video be it
podcast that you can then chop up and
repurpose into blog articles shorts
Clips fuel your LinkedIn post your
content we're helping companies build
out their content engines so we're going
to fix all those issues where unusual
approach to organic
search SEO website optimization web
design and build and podcast launch and
production for B2B service companies
technology companies SAS and software
companies so those are the two main
updates we're rebranding the podcast
from YouTube to Breaking B2B focused on
break helping you break free from
B2B marketing and we're rebranding my
business starting fully from scratch to
Breaking B2B
Doom so if you want to keep up to date
with the freebies you can try out the
daily newsletter again that's all over
at breaking bb.com where I'm sharing
practical insights latest podcast
episodes I'm going to update on what's
working what's not my own ideas my own
stories from 11 12 or so years in B2B
marketing SEO and websites of course try
out the podcast YouTube Spotify Apple
wherever you're listening to this it's
on a range of different channels and if
you are a business that perhaps wants to
ramp up your bb
SEO drive more inbound from your website
or fire up your podcast content engine
then you can head over to Breaking
bb.com would be pleased to speak to you
but I also plan to keep your folks
updated so as we are starting the
business from scratch I'm going to tell
you on what channels are working to
actually drive revenue for us whether
it's SEO I'll keep you updated on that
as I build out a fresh website and
breaking bb.com fully from scratch I'm
going to tell you how we're doing in
terms of ranking building up the domain
Authority how I can get super Niche
Pages ranking and driving leads from
those so that should be interesting I'll
keep you updated there going to keep you
updated on some unusual outbound efforts
we're going to try to drive inbound
likewise how the podcast how the YouTube
How the newsletter drives leads and also
some more unusual ways around LinkedIn
content and such if there's anything
specific you would like to see on the
podcast or YouTube channel coming up
feel free to drop me a message on
LinkedIn Sam Dunning or drop me an email
Sam samam dunn. org that's pretty much
it for me for now as always really
appreciate you taking the time to tune
in and look forward to keeping you folks
posted cheers speak you
soon